so previously in a new hope kylo had
killed his father solo last Turay and
the rebellion was getting ready to take
over so of course this one starts a bit
different than any of the other Star
Wars movies and we start with a war in
the stars everything that was set up in
the previous episode you can you can
pretty much forget all about that there
was the flawless Poe in Episode seven
who's now making more mistakes than
Urkel Finn who in the last one was
supposed to be a hero by the end of it
keeps running away in this one
kylo still kinda wants to be vader yet
he breaks his mask for whatever reason
ray finally messes up a couple times and
Luke boy this man finally gets lines
after 30 years and the first thing he
does is play hot potato with his saber
when he tosses it to the back now not
only does this movie spend more time in
an island and lost but it has more
storylines going on than lost
we have Poe and Leia we have Finn and
Rose we have Luke and Rey
we have kylo in right and of course we
have Huck's getting choked because I
think he likes it the big problem that
we have from the beginning is that the
rebels are being tracked by something
that was brought up in rogue one but I
guess no one used it for thirty years
this excites Snoke who we all thought
was supposed to be this big deal and
homey looks like a dry nutsack he looks
like Caillou after a year of hard drugs
he looks like the testicle that Lance
Armstrong is missing do dresses like
Jeff Goldblum in Thor Ragnarok where he
was playing Jeff Goldblum anyways he pip
smacks kylo to teach him who's boss and
kylo obviously goes and throws a tantrum
like the emo kid that he is he breaks
his hot-topic mask and leaves to buy
more black nail polish meanwhile back in
the island Luke is acting like two
chains old name and his drinking
Gatorade milk out of these Alf looking
creatures pretty much just relaxing
until he dies so he can be the last Jedi
even though there's like a lot of other
Jedi Rey becomes Harry Potter and starts
hearing voices that lead her to not only
the Jedi texts that are hidden in the
bugs life tree but to this hairy butt
hole that leads to the bottom of the
island or the darkside lives meanwhile
meanwhile on the ship they keep getting
tracked through Lightspeed and begin
getting attacked by the first order kylo
decides to not shoot his momma which
doesn't matter because then his voice to
this leads to the best siege
I seen I've seen since Paul Walker's
ending in Furious 7 I mean they had my
girl turned herself into Mary Poppins
and flowed herself back into the ship
they just they knew they were making a
meme out of this scene during this
attack a lot of the OGIS got Allah Akbar
and are gone and since Leia is in
Hospice
we got to get the second person in
command q laura dern who dresses up for
the braun franchise looking like one of
those people from the capital from The
Hunger Games and she is annoying in the
way you meet her because she's yelling
at PO and how dare anyone yell at those
sunken puppy eyes at this point Finn has
decided to run away and gets confronted
by the most rarest thing in all of the
galaxy an Asian lead they come up with a
plan to stop the tracker they escape
hoping they don't get caught and then
get caught and don't stop the tracker
while they're on the set of The Hunger
Games in this casino place they come
across Benicio del Toro who offers to
help them escape which he does easily so
while was my dude taking a nap if you
could just leave anyways back in the
island Chewbacca is eating the new Star
Wars merchandise kylo and rain start
playing a game of telephone and Luke
becomes Yoda as he trains Rey we get a
tiny flashback where we learned that
uncle Luke got so scared at one point of
kylos physicalness that one night he
sneaks in to his sleeping quarters pulls
out his saber and was ready to do
something unspeakable but then decides
not sue brick kylo catches his uncle
with a saber out and burns everything
down damn my uncle's coming in your room
at night now a lot of people keep
talking about how rey beats Luke but
that ain't fair that's like putting
Jordan up against Lanza ball right now
Mike wouldn't beat a girl she leaves to
go turn kylo only to find out that all
of the telepathy that they've been
having is all part of grandmasters
snoke's ultimate plan to win the game of
Thrones and prove how much of a great
villain he is and then he dies by the
lightsaber next to him by the guy whose
mind he was reading Kyle is now a good
guy
and they have a cool duel and right when
you think that he's dropped his ammonius
my boy goes full joe budden for the rest
of the movie because he just yells and
get
just because ray didn't want to join his
forts we find out her parents treated
her like Joe Dirt and they were nobodies
Luke saber explodes and ray and I don't
know how way biz escapes really I don't
know how she escapes meanwhile Poe holds
everyone hostage on the ship that
they're trying to abandon because he
truly believes that rose and Finn will
not get caught Rosen Finn get caught
again Leia wakes up and shoots Poe for
hijacking her ship Finn ends up fighting
chrome-dome effete and wins and mrs.
Frizzle over here stays behind driving
the ship so fast into the villain ship
that the audio stops so I'll take back
everything I said about her cuz she's a
real one at this point we finally get to
the third act at Planet Morton's and the
rebellion have to take these Flintstone
rusty aircrafts to stop Voltron's cannon
that the order has set up in order to
take down the wall
everyone retreats once it starts up
except Finn who finally wants to be a
hero but then gets rescued by Rose who
rams into a ship just why we can't have
nice things
all hope is lost until hope is not lost
and Luke arrives however you know
something is up because this Luke has
got some just four men on and he ain't
leaving those red footsteps on the floor
and he goes right to the front lines to
get blasted like Denzel at the other
trading day only to come out cleaner
turns out he's a Tupac hologram sent
from his Cuban island in order for the
rebels to follow those crystal v's and
give them some time to escape
kylo loses again Luke has died but not
really because he can come back in the
same way that the force brought back
Yoda so when the next episode gets
boring it'd all be okay but we have Leia
grey Poe and this new couple who had
respect hope for the rebellion as well
as broken another box office record and
the movie ends with the most
controversial shot letting you know who
the franchise is going to focus on from
now on
and that's immigrants thanks for
watching this video it seems like Star
Wars is that one movie where if you hate
it
you're a fanboy and if you love it
you're a fanboy I know people have
complained that the last one was too
similar and now this one's a bit too
different I like I'm with you I like the
idea that they're going with right
having anybody who's not a Skywalker
finally be able to be central to the
story it's not your cliche the chosen
one
that's dope but
execution I'll say wasn't probably the
best and because of that I'm curious to
hear your thoughts down below as we
discussed the only event that's caused
more tension since the last election